The 2005 High Performance Computing & Simulation (HPC&S)Conference
 
                                               In Conjunction With The 19th 
                               EUROPEAN SIMULATION MULTICONFERENCE (ESM 2005)
 
                                             Riga, Latvia June 1 - 4, 2005
 

                                  (Submission Deadline: February 17, 2005)
 

Invitation:
You are cordially invited to participate in and attend the 2005 High Performance Computing & Simulation track to
be held in Riga, Latvia, June 1-4, 2005 in conjunction with the 19th European Simulation Multi conference (ESM 2005).
 The track is to address, explore and exchange information on the state-of-the-art in high performance and large
 scale computing systems, their modeling and simulation, design and use, and their impact.  Participation
 is extended to researchers, designers, educators and interested parties in all related disciplines and specialties.
 
Purpose:
The track will include invited presentations from experts from academia, industry, and government as well as
contributed paper presentations describing original work on the current state of research in HPC & Simulation
technologies and systems and related issues.
 
Topics include (but are not limited to):
  Parallel and Distributed Architectures and Systems
  Efficient Modeling and Simulation Algorithms and Techniques for High-performance and Large Scale Computing Platforms
  Methods and Techniques for Parallel Computation (e.g., Partitioning, Mapping and Scheduling, Routing,
   Resource Management, Communications, Synchronization, Load Balancing and Sharing, .)
  Performance of Parallel and Distributed Computing Systems (experimental and comparative studies, performance models,
   benchmarking, instrumentation and monitoring, visualization, .)
  High Level Architecture (HLA), InfiniBand Architecture (IBA), and Related Standards (time management, model
   semantics, implementation issues, .)
  High Performance Computing Networks (LAN, MAN, WAN, SAN, .)
  Network-centric and High Performance Protocols
  Parallelization of Simulation (numerical and computational methods, Quasi-Monte-Carlo simulation, .)
  Web-based Distributed Simulation (distributed modeling via the Web, Java based, Federated, and so on)
  Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing (wireless, mobile, wearable, invisible, .)
  Innovative High Performance Computing (Autonomic, Affective, Quantum, Autonomous, .)
  Human-centric High Performance Computing
  Soft Computing (Neural, Fuzzy, Genetic, etc.)
  Context-aware, Power-aware, Multimedia, Stream, and Application-specific Computing
  High Performance and Large Scale Collaborative and Virtual Environments and Enterprises
  System Integration for High Performance
  Large Scale Systems for Computational Sciences (Biological, Chemical, Physical, Bioinformatics, Environmental, etc.)
  Cluster, Multicluster, and Grid Computing (Message Passing, Distributed Shared Memory, Grid Data Exchange and Storage,
Grid Resource Management, Grid Informatics, etc.)
  Middleware and System Services, Support and Tools
  Data Mining and Warehousing for HPC
  Languages, Compilers and Operating Systems for High Performance Computing
  Libraries and Programming Environments
  High Performance Network Processors and Sensor Networks
  Peer-to-Peer High Performance Computing
  High Performance Mobile and Wireless Computing and Networking
  High Performance Reconfigurable Computing and Embedded Systems and SoCs
  Real-Time High Performance Computing
  Security, Authentication, Encryption, and Information Assurance for HPC Systems
  Fault-Tolerant and High Availability High Performance Computing
  Applications of HPC Systems and Simulation (Computer Systems, 
Manufacturing, Production and Industrial Systems, etc.)
 
Conference Chair:
Helen Karatza, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece
 
Program Chair:
--------------
Waleed W. Smari, University of Dayton, USA
 
International Program Committee:
---------------------------------
Hamid Abachi, Monash University, Australia
Ishfaq Ahmad, University of Texas at Arlington, USA
Saleh R. Al-Araji, Etisalat College of Engineering, United Arab Emirates
Samir S. Al-Khayatt, Sheffield Hallam University, UK
Reda A. Ammar, University of Connecticut, USA
David Bader, University of New Mexico, USA
Rupak Biswas, NASA Ames Research Center, USA
Arndt Bode, Technical University of Munich, Germany
Laszlo Boeszoermenyi, Klagenfurt University, Austria
Edson Norberto Ceceres, Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil
Mario Cannataro, University of Catanzaro, Italy
Yinong Chen, Arizona State University, USA
Michel Dayde, Institute of Research in Computer Science of Toulouse 
(IRIT)-ENSEEIHT, France
Hassan B. Diab, American University of Beirut, Lebanon
Marios Dikaiakos, University of Cyprus, Cyprus
Robert ElsAsser, University of Paderborn, Germany
Paola Flocchini, University of Ottawa, Canada
Bertil Folliot, University of Pierre and Marie Curie, Paris VI, France
Giancarlo Fortino, University of Calabria, Italy
Frank Golatowski, University of Rostock, Germany
Patricia Gonzelez Gemez, University of Coruna, Spain
Ratan Guha, University of Central Florida, USA
Kenneth A. Hawick, Massey University - Albany, New Zealand
Bruce Hendrickson, Sandia National Laboratories, USA
Gongzhu Hu, Central Michigan University, USA
Ju-Wook Jang, Sogang University, Korea
Hai Jin, University of Southern California, USA
Daniel S. Katz, Jet Propulsion Laboratory NASA, USA
Ashfaq Khokhar, University of Illinois at Chicago, USA
Harald Kosch, Klagenfurt University, Austria
Dieter A. Kranzlmueller, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria
Wolfgang Kreutzer, University of Canterbury, New Zealand
Keqin Li, State University of New York at New Paltz, USA
Nouredine Melab, LIFL - CNRS UMR 8022 - UniversitA de Lille I, France
Philippe Mussi, INRIA Sophia-Antipolis Research Unit, France
M. Ould-Khaoua, University of Glasgow, UK
Oznur Ozkasap, Koc University, Istanbul, Turkey
Marcin Paprzycki, Oklahoma State University, USA
Dana Petcu, Western University of Timisoara, Romania
Viktor K. Prasanna, University of Southern California, USA
Andrew Rau-Chaplin, Dalhousie University, Canada
Christophe Rosenberger, LVR - ENSI de Bourges, France
Frode Eika Sandnes, Oslo University College, Norway
Andre Schiper, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology - EPFL, Switzerland
Stanislav G. Sedukhin, University of Aizu, Japan
Edwin H-M. Sha, University of Texas at Dallas, USA
Cyrus Shahabi, University of Southern California, USA
Timothy K. Shih, Tamkang University, Taiwan
Charalabos Skianis, National Centre for Scientific Research Demokritos, 
Greece
Leonel Sousa, Superior Institute of Technology (IST), Portugal
Przemyslaw Stpiczynski, Maria Curie-Sklodowska University, Poland
Domenico Talia, DEIS, Universita' della Calabria, Italy
Gary Tan Soon Huat, National University of Singapore, Singapore
David Taniar, Monash University, Australia
Georgios K. Theodoropoulos, University of Birmingham, UK
Petia Todorova, Fraunhofer Institute FOKUS, Germany
Christian Toinard, ENSI de Bourges, France
Andreas Uhl, Salzburg University, Austria
Bharadwaj Veeravalli, National University of Singapore, Singapore
Lucian N. Vintan, Lucian Blaga University of Sibiu, Romania
Laurence T. Yang, St. Francis Xavier University, Canada
S. Q. Zheng, University of Texas at Dallas, USA
Junaid A. Zubairi, SUNY at Fredonia, USA
 
Submission of Papers:
---------------------
Papers reporting original and unpublished research results on above and 
related HPC topics are solicited.
Please submit an electronic copy of your full manuscript (not to exceed 15 
double-spaced pages including figures,
tables, and references).  Please clearly indicate the corresponding author. 
Include up to 6 keywords from the above list
and an abstract of no more than 300 words.  Papers must be submitted - in 
.pdf (preferred) or word.doc format via web
at the following conference website: 
http://www.engr.udayton.edu/faculty/wsmari/hpc05.  More detailed submission 
procedures
will be available on this website.  If accepted, the final camera-ready 
manuscript will follow the ESM format, which will
be made available to all authors.
 
Consistent with standard practice, each submitted paper will receive a 
minimum of three reviews.  Papers will be selected
based on their originality, timeliness, significance, relevance, and clarity 
of presentation.  Initial selection will
be based on full papers.  Submission implies the willingness of at least one 
of the authors to register and present the paper,
if accepted.  All accepted papers in the track are expected to be presented 
and will be included in the conference proceedings.
 
If you have any questions about paper submission, please contact track 
Program Chair:  Waleed W. Smari, Dept. of Electrical
and Computer Engineering, University of Dayton, 300 College Park, Dayton, OH 
45469-0226, USA, Voice: (937) 229-2795,
Fax: (937) 229-4529, Email: Waleed.Smari@notes.udayton.edu.
 
For information about the HPC track in general, please contact the track 
General Chair: Helen Karatza, Aristotle
University of Thessaloniki, Greece, karatza@csd.auth.gr.
 
Important Dates:
---------------- 
Full Paper Submission Deadline --------------------------------- February 17, 2005
Notification of Acceptance ------------------------------------- March 18, 2005
Registration & Camera-Ready Manuscripts Due -------------------  April 18, 2005
 

For further information or questions about the track, please consult the 
track web site at
URL: http://www.engr.udayton.edu/faculty/wsmari/hpc05.
For information about ESM 2005, consult the ESM'05 web site at
URL:  http://www.scs-europe.net/conf/esm2005/index.html
or contact ESM'05 General Chair: Yuri Merkuryev at merkur@itl.rtu.lv.


 
