On behalf of the HOT Chips 17 Program and Organizing Committees, 
we would like to invite you to participate in this year's conference. 
Please see the Call For Papers below for instructions on submissions. 
A PDF version of the call for papers is available for download at
     http://www.hotchips.org/hc17/cfp05.pdf.

Since it started in 1989, HOT Chips has been known as one of the 
semiconductor industry's leading conference on high-performance 
microprocessors and related integrated circuits. The conference is 
held once a year in August on the Stanford University campus in the 
center  of the world's capital of electronics activity, Silicon Valley. 
The conference emphasis this year, as in previous years, is on real 
products and realizable technology.

More details on the conference can be found on the HOT Chips website at
http://www.hotchips.org.

-----------

                         CALL FOR PAPERS

     HOT Chips 17 - A Symposium on High Performance Chips

                       AUGUST 14-16, 2005
                 STANFORD UNIVERSITY, PALO ALTO, CA


AUTHOR'S SCHEDULE

     Deadline for submissions:          March 25, 2005
     Notification of acceptance:        April 30, 2005
     Deadline for final version:        July 20, 2005


AREAS OF INTEREST:

        Microprocessors
        Systems-on-chip
        Embedded processors
        Digital signal processors
        Chipset Chips
        Application-specific processors
        Network/security processors
        Graphics/Multimedia/Game processors
        Communication/networking chips
        Wireless LAN/Wireless WAN chips
        Novel chips: quantum computing, micro-array
        Low-power chips/Dynamic Power Management
        Reconfigurable chips/processors
        Chips built from FPGAs
        Reliability and design for test
        Compiler technology
        Operating system/chip interaction
        Advanced semiconductor process technology
        Advanced packaging technology
        Performance evaluation


AUTHOR INFORMATION AND FORMAT

Presentations at HOT Chips are in the form of 30-minute talks.
Presentation slides will be published in the HOT Chips Proceedings.
Participants are not required to submit written papers, but a select 
group will be invited to submit a paper for inclusion in a special issue 
of IEEE Micro.

Submissions must consist of a title, extended abstract (two pages max.),
and the presenter's contact information (name, affiliation, job title, 
address, phone(s), fax, and email). Please indicate whether you have 
submitted, intend to submit, or have already presented or published a 
similar or overlapping  submission to another conference or journal. 
Also indicate if you would like the submission tobe held confidential; 
we do our best to maintain confidentiality if requested.

Submissions should be in plain ASCII text, pasted into the message; 
do not submit .doc files, .txt files, MIME'd email, any attachments or 
other formats.  Submissions containing figures may be submitted in pdf, 
but plain ASCII text is  strongly preferred.

Submissions are evaluated by the Program Committee on the basis of 
performance of the device(s), degree of innovation, use of advanced 
technology, potential market significance, and anticipated interest 
to the audience. Research and software contributions will be evaluated 
with similar criteria.

Please mail your submissions in plain ASCII text (in the message, 
not as an attachment!) by March 25, 2005 to:
    hotchipssubmit@atlas.cs.berkeley.edu 
Authors will be notified as to acceptance by April 30, 2005.
Send questions relating to the program to the program chairs at:   
    hotpcchairs@atlas.cs.berkeley.edu         and questions relating 
to conference operation or organization to the general chair, 
Pradeep Dubey, at:    hotchair@atlas.cs.berkeley.edu . 

Program Committee Co-Chairs
Prof. Alan Jay Smith,  Univ. of California, Berkeley
John Sell, Microsoft

Sponsored by the Technical Committee on Microprocessors 
and Microcomputers of the IEEE Computer Society


Program Committee:

Alan Smith  - UC Berkeley 
John Sell - Microsoft
Forest Baskett - New Enterprise Associates
Keith Diefendorf - Apple 
Pradeep Dubey - Intel
Christos Kozyrakis - Stanford 
Teresa Meng - Stanford  
Chuck Moore - AMD     
John Nickolls - NVidia 
Rakesh Patel - Altera
Tom Peterson - MIPS     
Howard Sachs - Telairity
Mitsuo Saito - Toshiba 
Kimming So - Broadcom 
Marc Tremblay - SUN  
John Wawryznek - UC Berkeley


 
