The Second International Workshop on Ad Hoc Networks and
Interoperability Issues (MANETII'05), 27-30 June 2005,
Las Vegas, Nevada, USA

Held in conjunction with the International Conference on
Wireless Networks (ICWN'05).

Workshop Website: http://www.cis.uoguelph.ca/~denko/workshframe.html

--------------------------------------------------------------------

SCOPE
-----

A mobile ad hoc network is a multihop wireless network that can be formed
without the need for any pre-existing infrastructure. Unlike other
wireless networking technologies, which rely mainly on existing communication
infrastructure and favor urban areas, ad hoc networks can be deployed to
remote geographical locations with minimum setup and administration costs.
Moreover, the integration of ad hoc networks with the Internet and
wireless infrastructure networks increases the network capacity, coverage
area and application domain. Although ad hoc networks provide many
opportunities and new applications areas by realizing ubiquitous communication,
they introduce new and fundamental challenges on the design of communication
and networking protocols. This is due to the lack of central
administration, limited network resources and dynamic network topology.

The aim of this workshop is to bring together practitioners and researchers
from both academia and industry in order to have a forum for discussion
and technical presentations on the latest research and future research
opportunities.

We are seeking original research papers describing algorithmic solutions,
experimental results and application scenarios for mobile ad hoc networks
and integrated ad hoc and infrastructure networks.

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

	Distributed algorithms
	Quality of Services (QoS)
	Security issues
	Denial of Services (DoS)
	Cross layer protocol design
	Mobility management
	Data management
	Ad hoc sensor networks
	Simulation and implementation test-beds
	MAC protocols
	Fault tolerance and load balancing
	Interoperability of ad hoc and wired/wireless networks
	Performance evaluation
	Service and resource discovery
	Middleware for ad hoc networks
	Mobility models
	Resource management
	Heterogeneous wireless networks
	Hybrid routing in ad hoc networks


SUBMISSION PROCEDURE
--------------------
Authors are requested to submit draft papers not exceeding 5 pages
(single-spaced font size of 10 or 11) in PDF format to Dr. Mieso Denko
(denko@cis.uoguelph.ca).The length of the cameral-ready papers will be
limited to 7 IEEE style pages.If you have any questions regarding the
Workshop or submission process, please contact the Workshop Chair at
the address given below.


IMPORTANT DATES
---------------

Paper Submission Deadline: 5 March 2005
Notification of Acceptance:24 March 2005
Camera Ready Submission: 20 April 2005


PUBLICATION
-----------

All accepted papers would be published in the proceedings of the
International Conference on Wireless Networks (ICWN'05). After the conference,
selected papers will be considered for journal publication. In 2004, a
number of authors from the MANETII-04 workshop submitted extended versions
of their paper to a Special Issue on "Wireless Networks and Pervasive Computing"
for the Journal of Pervasive Computing and Communications (JPCC)
(http://www.troubador.co.uk/.


WORKSHOP CHAIR
--------------

Dr. Mieso Denko
Department of Computing and Information Science
University of Guelph, Guelph, Ontario, Canada N1G 2W1
Phone: (416) 798-1331 Ext. 6088
Fax: (416) 798-1991
Email: denko@cis.uoguelph.ca


 
