QEST'05 - www.qest.org
2nd International Conference on Quantitative Evaluation of SysTems
Torino, Italy, September 19-22, 2005

OVERVIEW
The International Conference on Quantitative Evaluation of SysTems is
a major forum for contributions on evaluation and verification of
computer and communication systems, through measurements and
stochastic models, possibly incorporating non-deterministic behaviour.
It combines three events: the International Conference on Modeling
Techniques and Tools for Computer Performance Evaluation (TOOLS), the
International Workshop on Petri Nets and Performance Models (PNPM),
and the Joint International Workshop on Process Algebras and
Performance Modeling and Probabilistic Methods In Verification
(PAPM-ProbMIV), that have discovered an increasing convergence in
their interests and in their communities of researchers. The 1st QEST
conference was held at the University of Twente in 2004. The 2nd QEST
conference will be held in Torino, the city that hosted the first
PNPM workshop twenty years ago. Torino has also hosted TOOLS in 1991
and PAPM in 1996.

SCOPE & TOPICS
Quantitative properties of interest include, but are not limited to,
performance, dependability (e.g., reliability, availability), safety,
security, survivability, correctness, timeliness, and efficiency.
Topics of interest cover the areas of modelling formalisms and
methodologies, measurements, analytical and numerical evaluation,
simulation and verification, and theory of probabilistic systems, as
well as case studies showing the role of quantitative evaluation in
the design of systems and applications including computer
architecture, distributed and fault tolerant systems, communication
systems, embedded systems, web-based systems, and safety-critical
systems. Moreover tools for supporting the practical application of
research results in all the above areas are of special interest for
QEST and therefore tool papers are sought. Example topics of interest
include:       

stochastic and timed Petri nets;
stochastic and timed process algebras;
stochastic and timed automata;
queueing networks;
Markov chains;
non-Markovian models and algorithms;
numerical and analytical solution techniques;
efficient simulation techniques;
formal specification techniques;
quantitative extensions of UML;
measurements and benchmarking;
schedulability analysis;
verification of stochastic and probabilistic systems;
concurrency theory for probabilistic systems;
analysis of randomized algorithms;
model-checking algorithms;
optimization techniques;
probabilistic decision-making and planning;
hybrid and hierarchical modelling and evaluation techniques;

SUBMISSIONS
We invite authors to submit papers with original material related to
the topics of the conference, written in English, and formatted in the
IEEE double column format. The length of the paper should not exceed
10 pages. Additional material for the aid of the reviewers
(e.g. proofs, definitions) can be presented in a clearly marked
appendix. Instructions for electronic submission will be given on the
conference home-page. Papers must be unpublished and must not be
submitted for publication elsewhere. Accepted papers must be presented
at the conference by one of the authors. The proceedings will be
published by IEEE. All papers will be thoroughly reviewed by at least
3 referees on the basis of their originality and their scientific and
practical contribution to the state of the art. An award for best
paper will be presented at the conference.

TOOLS SESSION
A special session will be arranged to present and demonstrate tools
relevant to any topic covered by the conference. Accepted tool
descriptions will appear in the conference proceedings (2 pages,
IEEE format).

WORK-IN-PROGRESS SESSION
A special session will be arranged to present preliminary work.
Authors are invited to submit short papers (2 pages, IEEE format).


IMPORTANT DATES
  Paper submission: March 28, 2005
  Tool presentation submission: April 25, 2005
  Work-in-progress submission: April 25, 2005
  Notification of acceptance: May 30, 2005


GENERAL CHAIR
  Gianfranco Balbo
  Universita di Torino, Italy

PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS
  Christel Baier
  Universitaet Bonn, Germany

  Giovanni Chiola
  Universita  di Genova, Italy

  Evgenia Smirni
  College of William & Mary
  Williamsburg, VA, USA

PUBLICITY CHAIR
  Jeremy Sproston
  Universita di Torino, Italy
  qest05-publicity@di.unito.it

PROGRAM COMMITTEE
  Marco Ajmone Marsan (Politecnico di Torino, Italy)
  Christel Baier      (co-chair, Universitaet Bonn, Germany)
  Daniele Beauqieur   (Universite Paris 12, France)
  Mario Bravetti      (Universita di Bologna, Italy)
  Peter Buchholz      (Universitaet Dortmund, Germany)
  Gianfranco Ciardo   (University of California at Riverside
  Javier Campos       (University of Zaragoza, Spain)
  Giovanni Chiola     (co-chair, Universita di Genova)
  Gianfranco Ciardo   (University of California at Riverside, USA)
  Lucy Cherkasova     (Hewlett-Packard Labs, USA)
  Pedro D'Argenio     (Universidad Nacional de Cordoba, Argentina)
  Josee Desharnais    (Universite Laval, Quebec, Canada)
  Edmundo de Souza e Silva (Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil)
  Susanna Donatelli   (Universita degli Studi di Torino, Italy)
  Claude Dutheillet   (Universite Paris 6, France)
  Giuliana Franceschinis (Universita Piemonte Orientale, Italy)
  Reinhard German     (Universitaet Erlangen-Nuernberg, Germany)
  Stephen Gilmore     (University of Edinburgh, UK)
  Serge Haddad        (Universite Paris-Dauphine, France)
  Boudewijn Haverkort (Universiteit Twente, The Netherlands)
  Holger Hermanns     (Universitaet Saarbruecken, Germany)
  Ravi K. Iyer        (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA)
  Bengt Jonsson       (University of Uppsala, Sweden)
  Joost Pieter Katoen (RWTH Aachen, Germany)
  Peter Kemper        (Universitaet Dortmund, Germany)
  John C.S. Lui       (The Chinese University of Hong-Kong)
  Daniel Menasce      (George Mason University, USA)
  Andrew Miner        (Iowa State University, USA)
  Carroll Morgan      (University of New South Wales, Australia)
  Gethin Norman       (University of Birmingham, UK)
  Alma Riska          (Seagate Research, USA)
  Emilia Rosti        (Universita degli Studi di Milano, Italy)
  Gerardo Rubino      (INRIA, Rennes, France)
  Bill Sanders        (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA)
  Matteo Sereno       (Universita di Torino, Italy)
  Roberto Segala      (Universita di Verona, Italy)
  Evgenia Smirni (co-chair, College of William & Mary, Williamsburg, VA, 
USA)
  Mark Squillante     (IBM T. J. Watson Research Center, USA)
  Eugene Stark        (SUNY at Stony Brook, New York, USA)
  Miklos Telek        (Technical University of Budapest, Hungary)
  Kishor Trivedi      (Duke University, USA)
  Murray Woodside     (Carleton University, Ottawa, Canada)


 
