21st Annual UK Performance Engineering Workshop 
July 14-15 2005
University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne
http://www.staff.ncl.ac.uk/nigel.thomas/UKPEW2005/

SCOPE of WORKSHOP
UKPEW is the leading UK forum for the presentation of all aspects of
performance modelling and analysis of computer and telecommunication
systems. Original papers are invited on all relevant topics but papers
on or related to the subjects listed below are particularly welcome. 
- Stochastic modelling of computer systems and networks. 
- Tools for all aspects of performance engineering from workload
  characterisation to operational analysis. 
- Modelling paradigms including, but not limited to: Stochastic Process
  Algebras,
- Stochastic Petri Nets and Queueing Theory. 
- Solution and simplification techniques for large Markov processes. 
- Formal notations for performance modelling. 
- Modelling and analysis of reliability and performance guarantees. 
- Performance-oriented design methods. 
- Novel techniques in computer system simulation. 
- Case studies and industrial reports. 
- Experience and evaluation of existing tools and techniques. 

This workshop is the primary event at which the UK performance community
can get together to present and discuss their work. Whilst primarily
aimed at UK based performance engineers, we also welcome contributions
from researchers working in other countries and those whose interest in
performance is derived from experience in other fields. It provides an
ideal opportunity for academics, industrialists and PhD students to
relate experience and to present both finished work and work in
progress. The event has been organised to sustain the atmosphere of
informality that previous UKPEW's have fostered. As well as sessions for
presenting the papers submitted, it will also be possible to organise a
session of short presentations of work in progress. 


INFORMATION for AUTHORS
Papers will be accepted on the basis of an extended abstract (3-6 pages)
or (ideally) a draft paper (8-12 pages) which should be submitted to
nigel.thomas@ncl.ac.uk no later than 20th May 2005. Electronic
submission is preferred. Notification of acceptance will be given by 3rd
June 2005 together with instructions for the preparation of camera-ready
copy. 


IMPORTANT DATES
Deadline for extended abstracts/draft papers: 20th May 2005 
Notification of acceptance: 3rd June 2005
Camera-ready copy (hard) deadline: 27th June 2005


All enquiries should be directed to nigel.thomas@ncl.ac.uk 

Delegates for UKPEW may also wish to attend the Second International
Workshop on Practical Applications of Stochastic Modelling (PASM'05)
which will be held at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne on the
following Monday (18th July 2005).


 
