
The 11th International Symposium Pacific Rim Dependable Computing
Changsha, Hunan, China.  Dec. 12 - 14, 2005
http://sc.hnu.cn/newweb/communion/prdc2005/index.htm
http://www.comp.polyu.edu.hk/PRDC05

PRDC 2005 is the eleventh in this series of symposia started in 1989
that are devoted to dependable and fault tolerant computing. PRDC is
now recognized as the main regular event of the Pacific area that is
covering the many dimensions of dependability and fault tolerance,
encompassing fundamental theoretical approaches, practical
experimental projects, and commercial components and systems. As
applications of computing systems have permeated in every aspects of
daily life, the dependability of computing system has become
increasingly critical.  This symposium provides a forum for
countries around the Pacific Rim and other areas of the world to
exchange ideas for improving the dependability of computing systems

The symposium will be organized by the Hunan University in the
historical City of Changsha, the capital city of Hunan Province in
south central China.  The origin of the Hunan University was the
Yuelu Academy founded in Song Dynasty, which was an important center
for the Neo-Confucianism study and has profound influence on the
Chinese philosophy for the last 1000 years.  In addition, the Hunan
province has numerous sightseeing spots, including the Yueyang Tower
built in Song Dynasty, Mawangdui archeological site from Han
Dynasty, Mao Zedong's birthplace Shaoshen, and China's first
national forest park Zhang Jia Jie.  The conference will be held at
Grand Sun City Hotel, a five-star hotel in Changsha city.

Topics of interest include (but not limited to):

- Software and hardware reliability, testing, verification and
  validation
- Dependability measurement, modeling and evaluation
- Safety-critical systems and software
- Architecture and system design for dependability
- Fault tolerant algorithms and protocols
- Tools for design and evaluation of dependable systems
- Reliability in Internet and Web systems and applications
- Dependability issues in computer networks and communications
- Dependability issues in distributed and parallel systems
- Dependability issues in real-time systems, database and
  transaction processing systems

Manuscripts should be submitted in the following categories: Regular
Papers and Practical Experience Reports. Regular Papers should
describe original research (not submitted or published elsewhere)
and be not more than 20 double-spaced pages including figures and
tables using 11-point type. Practical Experience Reports (of 5-12
pages) should describe an experience or a case study, such as the
design and deployment of a system or actual failure and recovery
field data. The title page should include a 150-word abstract, five
keywords, authors' names and address and include a line specifying
whether the submission is a Regular Paper or a Practical Experience
Report. The full mailing address, phone, fax and email address of
the corresponding author should be specified. All submissions must
be made electronically. Additional submission opportunities are also
possible at a later deadline under the form of Fast Abstracts.
Please visit our web site for full submission instructions and
updated information on the symposium.

Important Dates:
Submission Deadline:	     May 15, 2005
Notification of Acceptance:  July 31, 2005
Camera-ready copies:         September 15, 2005

Sponsored by
IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Dependable Computing
In cooperation with
IFIP WG10.4 on Dependable Computing and Fault Tolerance
National Natural Science Foundation of China
CCF Technical Committee on Fault-Tolerant Computing
Hunan University
Hong Kong Polytechnic University
Chinese Univ. of Hong Kong
IEEE (Beijing Section) Computer Society Chapter

ORGANIZING COMMITTEE

Honorary Chairs
Yinghua Min, Chinese Academy of Science, China
Shiwen Gu, President, Hunan University, China

General Co-Chairs
Sy-Yen Kuo, National Taiwan University, Taiwan
Michael Lyu, Chinese Univ. of Hong Kong, H.K.

Program Co-Chairs
Jiannong Cao, Hong Kong Polytechnic Univ., H.K.
Dafang Zhang, Hunan University, China

Publicity Co-Chairs
Savio Chau, Jet Propulsion Laboratory, USA
Jinmin Yang, Hunan University, China

International Liaison Co-Chairs
Michel Raynal, IRISA, France
Min Xie, NUS, Singapore

Publications Co-Chairs
Ann Tai, IA Tech Inc., USA
Allan K.Y. Wong, H.K. Polytechnic University, H. K.

Local Arrangements Chair
Hua Liu, Hunan University, China

Finance and Registration Co-Chairs
Jishun Kuang, Hunan University, China
Li Miao, Hunan University, China

Fast Abstrtacts Chair
Bin Xiao, Hong Kong Polytechnic University, H. K.

Steering Committee Chair
Sy-Yen Kuo, National Taiwan University, Taiwan

Program Committee
Jean Arlat, LAAS, France
Doug Blough, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA
G. Ciardo, Univ. of California at Riverside, USA
Wei Chen, Microsoft Research Asia, China
Yuanshun Dai, Purdue Univ. School of Sci., IUPUI, USA
Paul Ehzilchelvan, University of New Castle, UK
Antonio Fernandez, Universidad Rey Juan Carlos, Spain
Christof Fetzer, Technical Univ. Of Dresden, Germany
Ravishankar K. Iyer, UIUC, USA
Mohamed Kaaniche, LAAS-CNRS, France
Tohru Kikuno, Osaka University, Japan
Israel Koren, Univ. of Mass., USA
Chin-Laung Lei, National Taiwan University, Taiwan
Inhwan Lee, Hanyang University, Korea
Xiaowei Li, Chinese Academy of Science
Zhongcheng Li, Chinese Academy of Science
Chung Lin, Tsinghua University, China
Shyue-Kung Lu, Fu Jen Catholic University, Taiwan
Jogesh K. Muppala, H.K. Univ. of Sci and Tech. H.K.
Takashi Nanya, University of Tokyo, Japan
Luis Rodrigues, University of Lisbon, Portugal
Robert Redinbo, Univ. of California at Davis, USA
Bill Sanders, Univ. of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, USA
Arun K Somani, Iowa State University, USA
Kuo-Feng Ssu, National Cheng Kung University, Taiwan
Dong Tang, Sun Microsystems, USA
Jichiang Tsai, National Chung Hsing University, Taiwan
Kishor S. Trivedi, Duke University, USA
Kuochen Wang, National Chiao Tung Univ., Taiwan
Sheng-De Wang, National Taiwan University, Taiwan
Dong Xiang, Tsinghua University, China
Shiyi Xu, Shanghai University, China
Haruo Yokota, Tokyo Inst. Of Tech., Japan
Hsu-Chun Yen, National Taiwan University, Taiwan
Meng-Lai Yin, California State Polytech. Univ., USA
Hee Yong Youn, Sungkyunkwan Univ., Korea
Huanguo Zhang, Wuhan University, China

